what I love about South Metro is the
family atmosphere it's just such a fun
place to be
everybody's gets along they have a
positive learning environment and this
makes the dancers comfortable and it
kind of feels like home to them it's
such a supportive and friendly
environment here with such a great
emphasis on technique but in a really
positive way one of the biggest pieces
of the puzzle is the atmosphere or what
you feel like when you're in the dance
studio we definitely found that here at
South Metro I feel like we have a new
family anywhere from the teachers to the
students or friends and to the parents
everyone's friendly and respectful and
supportive all the teachers are
extremely nice and I love all the staff
the positivity that comes from Jeannie
and her staff really just filters down
to the families that come here so kind
of like the anti Dance Moms studio I
think we really care for each individual
student we really spend time to get to
know them and cater to how they need to
learn both my competitive and
recreational dancers are valued and are
encouraged to do their best at all
different levels one of my favorite
things is not just the great instruction
that the kids get but I really like how
all the instructors and coaches here
really teach the kids to be respectful
of of themselves and their teammates and
to also take some responsibility in how
they represent themselves how they
represent their team the studio and the
community and Lakeville in general when
my girls came here the absolute strides
they made and their technical skills was
just unbelievable the staff here is
really great the teachers are very
encouraging and they know how to
challenge the kids when they need to be
challenged like a nice balance
of complimenting what you did well but
also offering constructive criticism to
where you can improve whether it be
recreational level or competition level
they're constantly working and
correcting the dancers form so when they
get up on stage they shine I love all of
my kids I love watching them grow up
throughout the past couple years I love
the energy of the students here at MDA
and I just feel every time I leave the
class you know people are so curious and
asking questions so that really speaks
to how much they want to work hard and
improve here we work really hard to make
sure that they can have a dance schedule
that works around their school schedule
so that they can be well balanced
children even though they're very
competitive and we're here a lot and the
kids are working hard and they're a
dance a lot they still are at a level
where they can do other things and have
time for other things the facility is
gorgeous
every studio is large and spacious
wonderful floors to dance on I think
that makes the overall environment just
more of a pleasure to be in and keeps
everybody really inspired and excited
about the experience overall and the
building itself is just so full of
energy you know there's people around
everywhere and just a lot of young
people wanting to be active which I love
I never thought my girls could dance as
good as I have learned that they can
dance and that's all due to South Metro
we pride ourselves in self mantra dance
academy by having great wonderful staff
and also working with children
developing that students not only in
dance but also in life with teamwork
sportsmanship grace poise and just being
well-rounded good kids we have a large
recreational program as well as a large
competitive program so we really feel
like we can find a perfect fit for you
even if you have a three-year-old
preschooler to an eighteen-year-old
competitive student we also pride
ourselves in being able to allow
students to do extracurricular
activities through their school as well
so they're dancing maybe eight hours a
week but can still do curricular
activities at school and dance both we
welcome you to come and check us out at
South Metro Dance Academy but located
right here in Lakeville right by the
lake themself High School come take a
tour of the studio and see our fantastic
facilities and meet our teachers and
staff thanks